Hi, I am Destin
Welcome back to "Be a smart person daily"
We talked about in the last video
Slow motion under the tattoo is what it looks like
But this time we are going to talk about it
How to remove tattoos is more complex than making tattoos
Involved in many physical knowledge, such as thermodynamics,
Optics, and even biology and chemistry
In this video we will
First get a little tattoo ink and then go to plastic surgery
See if we can get rid of it, let's take a look
(Destin) I get some ink ok?
Alright
[Laughs] Thank you
Before discussing how to remove the tattoo
Let's talk about tattoos first
What are you getting into the skin?
Many people do not understand this however
Tattoo ink color, in fact, the majority
Is made of heavy metal compounds
I understand, it sounds a bit crazy, right?
You want, you worked hard in the tattoo room,
Create a sterile environment, thinking of this
There will be no germs or the like, but if you think about it
They ended up simply and crudely
Direct injection of heavy metals into your body
It's really scary to think carefully
In short, let's talk with professional people
OK, we want to know Dr. Lappert
How to remove tattoos with laser
He is a plastic surgeon
Nice to meet you
OK, I have some questions to ask
Some looks great machines here
Yes
I think ... this is the laser?
That's right
This side of the ultra-short pulse laser
We used to remove tattoos
Ultra-short refers to - nanosecond level?
No, it's even shorter than nanoseconds
really?
Picosecond level
No way……
After the decimal point 11 0
This is the picosecond level concept
This is a emerald laser
Emerald laser can
Modulated at a specific narrow band frequency
But we intend to use light at a wavelength of about 775 nanometers
Wow, so it is just at the edge of the infrared spectrum?
Correct
Ready to get rid of what (tattoo) before
I'd like to see what kind of target I am dealing with using a laser
Here I have a small drop of tattoo ink
Then I dropped it on the slide
Then put the microscope, hope
We can see these heavy metals
We can see these as we zoom in
Small particles running around
Then there are some big ones
Recall
I recorded before in the last episode
Tattoo needle in slow motion to see what the action looks like
[music]
We now know the shape of these particles
We can draw a more appropriate diagram
Tattoo to indicate the process
Multiple needles pierce your skin
Then grab those large and small ink particles
Through the epidermis has been brought to the dermis
The tattoo is on the skin
However, your body is trying to remove it
The body realizes that these are foreign objects
For example, your skin has a small piece of silver
Then your immune system discovers it
Will think "this guy does not belong here"
The white blood cells will then be responsible for removing the pigment
If you've seen it under the microscope
The white blood cell volume is very small
The volume of pigment particles is relatively large
Leukocytes close to them,
Try to wrap it around
However, because the volume difference between the two is too large
So it is hard to wrap the pigment particles
It's like trying to bite a small mouth on an elephant
Well, this may seem weird, but I have to try
I want to know my blood cells
How big is it compared to ink particles?
So clearly I have to puncture my finger
Get some blood and mix it with the ink
Well, let's drop it on the glass slide
This looks better than I imagined
Still cool
Look!
Can see the reaction of blood cells and ink particles
Can see the relative size of it?
A few ink particles can be seen smaller than blood cells
There are some larger particles than blood cells
This means that small particles can pass
Leukocyte phagocytosis and clearance
But not big
This is why tattoos are permanent
But it is also why they will fade
Because part of the ink will be cleared by the body
But there are still some others
so cool
This is simply a bunker
If you look at a freshly made tattoo
He looks clear and sharp, the edge is obvious
The color is bright and clear
That's right
If you go to see a retired from the Marine Corps
Tattoo on gun chief sergeant
That seems to fade away
Correct
Because these pigments have been leukocytes and the like
Derived from the dermis through the lymphatic system
And then shipped to the liver, this process
35-40 years have passed on this gunsmith
I think you use the guns Sergeant to give examples of really super funny
Because I just knew a few guns and sergeants ah
I am a retired navy
Oh, so you can say that?
Yes, I have been in the Marine Corps for many years
Not bad
As I said just now, the crux of the problem is white blood cells and
The relative size of the pigment particles
Granules too large, white blood cells is too small
So if you get a suitable laser
Then use a very short pulse
To illuminate these paint blocks
The lighted block of paint will crumble
Then with the broken pieces of paint
They become smaller and easier to remove
right
So you are quickening white blood cells
Swallow the speed and efficiency of the paint block
Then carry them to the liver
Yeah, that's it
So you have to use a laser to illuminate the paint
That's right
Then white blood cells will be put
These broken pigment particles catch
Take to the liver
That's right Through the skin under the capillary lymphatic vessels
Gather into larger lymphatic vessels
And finally brought to the liver
Then be processed and excreted there
So how is a light source?
Pigment particles broken it
Think so
Suppose we have a heater light
Then open it, it will launch energy outward
To illuminate this side of the ball
Then the surface of the ball is heated will be hot
The other side will be colder
This difference in calories will result in heat from
Yang negative side pass right?
This produces a poor thermal gradient
If we use a very, very, very hot light source
Then irradiate it very quickly
Assume that the color of the laser and ink are appropriate for each other
The laser will cause the particles to be shined on the side
It starts to heat up rapidly, too
Start to heat up
The other side too late to respond
So it is still cold
This causes the internal pressure difference to become larger and then the entire particle to rupture
This is why laser tattooing is at the heart of the core
The faster it heats up
The easier it is to crush it
The longer the irradiation, the greater the impact on human tissues
That's right
However, the shorter the irradiation time
The more targeted you are, the more you look at it
Correct
I feel like I'm really open eyes (laughs)
so cool
Once it breaks
WBC will put these pieces
Through the lymph to the liver
Then finally pull your tattoo out
So that's the principle
Aiming beam with a He-Ne laser
Low energy, but let me know
The actual laser is irradiating the position
Ready?
Ready
Ok, we started
I'll give you treatment now
Then you can see what I said
"Frost" phenomenon, right
Correct
Can see it is raised the surface of the skin
That's it
This process of whitening is called frosting
And it only lasts for a few seconds
This is due to the particle-level shock wave
Dr Lappert said this depends on the color of the ink
A few simple processing
The body can completely remove these inks
Okay, I hope this video will be available to everyone
If you are going to tattoo
You can know the whole process of the ins and outs
Tattoo in the end get something to the body
The meaning is that they give you physically
What stuffed into the body, and the corresponding principle
Think carefully because you get rid of tattoos
It's harder and more complicated than painting a tattoo
So before the tattoo to consider carefully
Well, if you think this episode of knowledge
Very good, optical ah, thermodynamics ah
Chemistry and the like, you will love it
I will recommend this audiobook next
Many people know Audible.com
Sponsor "make a smart person everyday"
But you really need to hear this audiobook
I do not care how you use this audio book
If you go to audible.com/smarter you can
Get this audio book for free,
It's called The Martian by Andy Weir.
This audio book is really awesome
You really need to listen to it
I am happy to introduce you to this book
But you need to experience it yourself
Because he is living on Mars as well
Must be prepared on the spot
Think about it
It will have, for example, radio electronics,
Orbital dynamics, rocket propulsion,
Chemistry, Biochemistry, Thermostat,
Really cool
In short, Andy Weir's "Mars Rescue"
I really really like it
If you like the content of this episode,
You will love this book too
Please be sure to experience,
You will certainly thank me later, so do not learn me
And his two-year-old baby in the car,
Start reading this book because it will be a bit
Let you want to curse, I am sorry about this,
But I think he is worth it
In short, audible.com/smarter.
I hope you guys will enjoy this episode
And get your subscription ~
If not, or thank you for watching
I am truely thankful
I am Destin, you watch "a wise man daily"
I hope you have a happy time
If anyone wants to remove tattoos
What are the questions they need to ask?
Briefly say
How long does it take to get Dr Lappert's office?
[laugh]
Come to an end today
This is Life Dr Lappert, an orthopedic surgeon